The story you are about to read is suitable for 18+ years. Explicit content.

That being said… I am still a horror writer. This just slipped through. 🙂 Enjoy, friends! And don’t forget to leave me a comment down below. x

She reversed into the parking lot. He was waiting for her like always with his hands in pockets and a smile on his face. She killed the engine and unlocked the car.
He opened the passenger door and sat.
‘Here. I brought this for you.’ He said and handed her a bar of chocolate.
She chuckled. ‘You remembered.’
‘Of course I did. I listen to what you say, you know.’
‘Thank you.’ She leaned over to place a kiss on his cheek, but he stopped her. He placed his hands on her face and looked deep in her eyes before crashing his mouth over hers.
The sensation was electrifying. Goosebumps erupted on her skin. The world outside her car ceased to exist. The only thing that mattered was his tongue dancing in rhythm with hers, their lips intertwined in a wet embrace. Her left hand grabbed him by the collar of his shirt as she pulled him closer. His scent was like an aphrodisiac, she wanted to bathe in it. She trailed her fingers on his chest, his abdomen and then lower, very close to his hardness.
He broke the kiss. ‘I think… we should take it slow.’
Embarrassed, she turned her gaze to the window and placed her hands in her lap. ‘Yes, you’re right. I’m sorry.’
‘What are you saying sorry for? I liked that very much.’
She didn’t dare look at him. ‘Is this where you live?’ She asked.
‘Yes. It’s quiet. I like it.’
‘So many trees!’
‘That’s true I guess,’ he laughed. ‘Would you like to… walk around the estate?’
She finally turned back to him. Her face was still red. ‘I’d love to.’
Outside, he grabbed her hand in his. She looked down at that, puzzled. Why was he doing that?
He started telling her about his day. Some stuff about his work. She wasn’t really listening, the words flowing into her brain, never leaving an imprint there. She was focused on his neck. The way that vein was pulsing was mesmerizing. And his dark hair tied up in a small ponytail! She reached her hand and touched him.
He stopped talking instantly and in one swift move, his hands grabbed her waist as he spun her around and grabbed her in his arms, her back to his chest. He lowered his head to her ear and then to her neck without touching, but he was so close that she could almost feel him, his breath on her skin warm. Her head fell back to his shoulder, her top slid down revealing her white shoulder.
‘Babe, you smell so good.’ He whispered.
Her nipples hardened and she moaned.
He placed a gentle kiss on her neck and then another one on her bare shoulder.
‘Please…’ She said.
‘Yes?’
‘Take me home now.’
His mouth opened and he bit into her neck, his tongue licking the spot with circular moves.
‘Please.’
‘As you wish, love.’ He grabbed her hand once again and arranged her top. ‘This way.’
She let him guide her. Her sense of direction had never been good anyway.
At the door, he punched the code in and turned the key in its lock.
Inside, she bent to take her shoes off but he said: ‘Leave them on. You look ravishing in heels.’
She smiled and followed him into the living room. The walls were covered in pictures. Painted women were smiling at her. ‘They are beautiful!’ she exclaimed.
‘You’re beautiful. A piece of art.’ His hands were in his pockets again.
‘Thank you.’
A silence engulfed them both as they stared into each other’s eyes. Then she moved. Just one step towards him. He waited. She started walking fast towards him, her heels clacking on the floor, closing the distance between them.
He opened his arms and squeezed her waist as her body clashed with his.
Then her arms were around his neck and they were kissing again. It was a hungry, desperate one, but the moves were slow.
‘Oh, how much I needed this,’ she confessed.
‘I’m here for you.’ He replied. His hands lowered to her ass, grabbing it firmly as he lifted her. She wrapped her legs around him and waited to be carried to the bedroom.
He placed her gently on the bed, lowering to his knees in front of her.
‘May I taste you?’
She nodded.
His palms went on her thighs, going up slowly. He reached her core but didn’t touch. Not yet. He placed a kiss on her abdomen and as he did so, he lifted her skirt all the way to her waist.
‘You are stunning, babe.’ His mouth came down between her legs and he kissed her there, even though there was still material in between them.
She arched her back and moaned.
And then he got up and unzipped his jeans, letting his erection go free.
She looked at that and waited.
His strong arms grabbed her by the back of her thighs and pulled her up on the bed. His left leg hooked one of hers and lifted it. He lowered on top of her so she could feel him.
She whimpered.
‘Oh, fuck, babe. Feel what you do to me.’ He said.
She rolled her hips to grind into him and he smiled. Then he started trailing kisses on her neck, collarbone, chest. She pulled her top up and over her head. Her red lace bra let him see the pink nub peeking through. He grabbed it with his mouth and started sucking on it.
Then clothes were flying. His. Hers. They all ended up on the floor as their bodies started to dance, limbs moving, tongues tasting, like snakes curling, man and woman in a love fight, grunts and moans coming out of them every now and then.
‘How is it that every time….’ She started. ‘Oh…. I love that!’ Her body tensed, his fingers deep inside now, like a crescent moon grabbing and pulling, his thumb circling that sweet spot. ‘Every time I see you… I end up.. Oh… Ah… I end up naked so fast… It’s… this is going so fast.’
‘You want me to slow down?’ He asked, his hand still now.
She moved into him, closer, wanting to engulf his whole body and melt it into hers.
‘No. I want you to be mine. Only mine.’ She breathed.
‘Babe…’
‘I know. Tell me I’m yours instead. That’s true. Tell me.’ She begged.
He grabbed her face once again just like he had done in the car earlier and growled: ‘You’re mine. All mine.’ And he kissed her again.
His hips rolled and he entered her.
‘Yes. Yes.’ She repeated like a mantra.
‘Just like that, love. You’re taking it so well for me. You feel so good, babe.’
Having him inside felt like he was everywhere. In every cell of her body. Damned be the world outside, her responsibilities, what the world expected from her, the stupid rules she was supposed to follow. With him, everything else ceased to exist. As long as he was touching her, as long as his body was connected to hers, she was safe. She was his and nothing else in the world mattered.
After a while, they were finished.
Laying in his arms, their skin glistening with sweat, she let her head rest on his chest, listening to his heartbeat. There it was. The proof that he was real. He was human. And he was there for her whenever she asked him to be.
She glanced at the clock that was on the opposite wall from the bed. Only half an hour left.
She propped herself on one shoulder and looked at him. So handsome. His big blue eyes, his intoxicating smile. The way his hair would never stay in perfect order.
‘When are you free next week?’ she asked.
He turned around and got his notebook from the drawer. Old school, she thought and smiled at that. Who knew a thirty year old man would still use pen and paper when you had a calendar so easy to use on your phone?
‘I’m free next Friday. Same time?’ He smiled.
‘Sounds good.’ She had an appointment on that day, but she could move it. He was more important. Getting up, she opened her bag and took out an envelope. ‘There you go. Thank you again.’
He took it and opened it. The money was all there, just like always. She was the best client. She needed him once every week, always paying what was asked even when he had increased the price for his services. She had always wanted him in her home. He’d had to beg her to come here today instead.
‘Such a waste of a good client.’ He said, returning to bed.
‘What do you mean?’ she smiled.
‘I mean that I enjoy you a lot. But… art is more important. Every artist knows that sometimes a sacrifice is required in order to get that perfect piece. That perfect image. That perfect story.’
She stared at him. What was he going on about?
‘And you, love, are my next one. Such beauty must be framed.’ His hands closed around her neck. ‘You will be eternal.’ He squeezed even harder. Her eyes bulged and her body started trashing. She clawed at his face, at his arms, but she couldn’t match his strength. Those muscles she loved to admire, his biceps and chest hard now as he used them to suffocate her. His veins that she used to trail with her fingers and tongue were now popping from the effort of killing her.
Her vision blurred. Her lungs were on fire.
She died with the image of his blue eyes imprinted on her retinas. The last thing she could see.
And in those last moments of life, she didn’t once think about her family, her friends, her other life, the one outside his arms.
She only thought about him. The way his hugs had warmed her up. The way his cock had filled her up. The way his words had drilled inside her mind and drained her life essence long before this moment. She had been his completely even before his strong hands closed around her neck.
And now? She was to be painted and displayed in his home.
She was going to be his forever.